There's something that came in at the first week of the design of C++,
the idea that you have an operation that
initializes and operation that cleans up when you're finished.
That's how you're going to have things in the scope.
Because one is a local variable,
a constructor will start up when you first come to it.
When you're finished at the end of the scope,
the destructor will be coordinated to clean up all of this.
There are people who says that's the real secret to C++.
Also competition, people trying to find what are your favorite C++ feature,
and everybody agreed with a guy called Roger Orr,
the end curly brace,
the final closing brace because that's where all the magic happens,
that's for all of the destructors fire and clean up the messes.
That means you can actually have these message.
You can grab lots of resources,
you can take locks,
you can open files,
and all they cleaned up at the end.